Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#36)
WordPress/blueprints: CONTRIBUTING.md

To keep the submission process smooth, please follow these guidelines:

Submit [a Pull Request (PR)](https://github.com/adamziel/blueprints/pulls) with your Blueprint. Consult this page [Creating a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) if you need a refresher on the process. 

The PR should contain:

* A single `blueprint.json` file under the path `blueprints/your-blueprint-name/blueprint.json` (like [the examples here](https://github.com/adamziel/blueprints/tree/trunk/blueprints)).
* All the static files (WXR, ZIP, JPG, etc.) your Blueprint references. The static files must be loaded via the `https://raw.githubusercontent.com` URL pointing to your branch. `raw.githubusercontent.com` is a service that allows you to serve files directly from your GitHub repository. This is useful for loading static files in Blueprints. The URLs follow the `raw.githubusercontent.com/${user}/${repo}/${branch}/${path}` pattern.

> For example, if you want to load a content-export.xml file, you create a new folder in the blueprints directory, /woocommerce-subscription (the name should correpont to the name of the blueprint and must hold two files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to load a content-export.xml file, you create a new folder in the blueprints directory, /woocommerce-subscription (the name should correpond to the name of the blueprint). The folder must hold two files:
```

* A `blueprints/woocommerce-subscriptions/blueprint.json` file
* A `blueprints/woocommerce-subscription/content-export.xml` file
* The branch is named `/woo-subscription/` 

> Then the Blueprint should reference as follows:

Reviewer: The list lists the files to put in the folder so it feels off to add a bullet about the branch. How about this?

```suggestion

Assuming your branch is named `/woo-subscription/`, the Blueprint should reference as follows:
```
